README.md, before:

# Note: Due to lack of time, Iconify is no longer maintained and icon packs are outdated. I'd be very happy to welcome a new contributor, please reach me on twitter [@JoanZap](https://twitter.com/joanzap) if by any chance you're interested. 🙂

<img src="graphics/logo.jpg" height="154" align="center">

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png" width="121">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.joanzapata.android.icons.sample)

**Iconify** offers you a **huge collection of vector icons** to choose from, and an intuitive way to **add and customize them in your Android app**. It has been introduced in [**this blog post**](http://blog.joanzapata.com/iconify-just-got-a-lot-better/) which is a good place to get started. 

-----

### Install

Pick any number of modules and declare them in your `Application`.

```gradle
dependencies {
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-fontawesome:2.2.2' // (v4.5)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-entypo:2.2.2' // (v3,2015)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-typicons:2.2.2' // (v2.0.7)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-material:2.2.2' // (v2.0.0)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-material-community:2.2.2' // (v1.4.57)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-meteocons:2.2.2' // (latest)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-weathericons:2.2.2' // (v2.0)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-simplelineicons:2.2.2' // (v1.0.0)
    compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify-ionicons:2.2.2' // (v2.0.1)
}
```

```java
public class MyApplication extends Application {

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        Iconify
            .with(new FontAwesomeModule())
            .with(new EntypoModule())
            .with(new TypiconsModule())
            .with(new MaterialModule())
            .with(new MaterialCommunityModule())
            .with(new MeteoconsModule())
            .with(new WeathericonsModule())
            .with(new SimpleLineIconsModule())
            .with(new IoniconsModule());
    }
}
```

### Show icons in text widgets

If you need to put an icon on a ```TextView``` or a ```Button```, use the ```{ }``` syntax. The icons act exactly like the text, so you can apply shadow, size and color on them!

```xml
<com.joanzapata.iconify.widget.IconTextView
    android:text="I {fa-heart-o} to {fa-code} on {fa-android}"
    android:shadowColor="#22000000"
    android:shadowDx="3"
    android:shadowDy="3"
    android:shadowRadius="1"
    android:textSize="40sp"
    android:textColor="#FF..."
    ... />
```

<img src="graphics/androids.png" height="347">

### Icon options

* Shall you need to override the text size of a particular icon, the following syntax is supported `{fa-code 12px}`, `{fa-code 12dp}`, `{fa-code 12sp}`, `{fa-code @dimen/my_text_size}`, and also `{fa-code 120%}`.
* In the same way you can override the icon color using `{fa-code #RRGGBB}`, `{fa-code #AARRGGBB}`, or `{fa-code @color/my_color}`.
* You can even easily spin an icon like so `{fa-cog spin}`.

<img src="graphics/spinning.gif" height="37">

### Show an icon where you need a `Drawable`

If you need an icon in an ```ImageView``` or in your ```ActionBar``` menu item, then you should use ```IconDrawable```. Again, icons are infinitely scalable and will never get fuzzy!

```java
// Set an icon in the ActionBar
menu.findItem(R.id.share).setIcon(
   new IconDrawable(this, FontAwesomeIcons.fa_share)
   .colorRes(R.color.ab_icon)
   .actionBarSize());
```

## Extensibility

In case you can't find the icon you want, you can extend the available icon directly from your app. All you need to do is to implement `IconFontDescriptor` with a `.ttf` file in your assets and provide the mapping between keys and special characters, then give it to `Iconify.with()`. You can use the  [FontAwesomeModule](https://github.com/JoanZapata/android-iconify/blob/master/android-iconify-fontawesome/src/main/java/com/joanzapata/iconify/fonts/FontAwesomeModule.java) as an example.

There are no constraints on the icon keys, but I strongly suggest you use a unique prefix like `my-` or anything, to avoid conflicts with other modules. FYI, if there **is** a conflict, the first module declared with `Iconify.with()` has priority.

The only dependency you need if you want to use a custom icon is Iconify core.

```gradle
compile 'com.joanzapata.iconify:android-iconify:2.2.2'
```

-----

## Contributions

* Joan Zapata [@JoanZapata](https://github.com/JoanZapata)
* Damien Villeneuve [@DayS](https://github.com/DayS)
* Mike Penz [@mikepenz](https://github.com/mikepenz)

## License

```
Copyright 2015 Joan Zapata

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

It uses FontAwesome font by Dave Gandy, licensed under OFL 1.1, which is compatible
with this library's license.

    http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/render_download.php?format=file&media_id=OFL_plaintext&filename=OFL.txt
    
```

Commit message:

-Changed project name from Iconofy to IconoVoid -Changed namespace to io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid

README.md, after:

# Note: Due to lack of time, iconivoid is no longer maintained and icon packs are outdated. I'd be very happy to welcome a new contributor.

<img src="graphics/logo.jpg" height="154" align="center">

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png" width="121">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.diegoflassa.android.icons.sample)

**iconivoid** offers you a **huge collection of vector icons** to choose from, and an intuitive way to **add and customize them in your Android app**. It has been introduced in [**this blog post**](http://blog.joanzapata.com/iconivoid-just-got-a-lot-better/) which is a good place to get started. 

-----

### Install

Pick any number of modules and declare them in your `Application`.

```gradle
dependencies {
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-fontawesome:2.2.2' // (v4.5)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-entypo:2.2.2' // (v3,2015)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-typicons:2.2.2' // (v2.0.7)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-material:2.2.2' // (v2.0.0)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-material-community:2.2.2' // (v1.4.57)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-meteocons:2.2.2' // (latest)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-weathericons:2.2.2' // (v2.0)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-simplelineicons:2.2.2' // (v1.0.0)
    compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid-ionicons:2.2.2' // (v2.0.1)
}
```

```java
public class MyApplication extends Application {

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        iconivoid
            .with(new FontAwesomeModule())
            .with(new EntypoModule())
            .with(new TypiconsModule())
            .with(new MaterialModule())
            .with(new MaterialCommunityModule())
            .with(new MeteoconsModule())
            .with(new WeathericonsModule())
            .with(new SimpleLineIconsModule())
            .with(new IoniconsModule());
    }
}
```

### Show icons in text widgets

If you need to put an icon on a ```TextView``` or a ```Button```, use the ```{ }``` syntax. The icons act exactly like the text, so you can apply shadow, size and color on them!

```xml
<io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid.widget.IconTextView
    android:text="I {fa-heart-o} to {fa-code} on {fa-android}"
    android:shadowColor="#22000000"
    android:shadowDx="3"
    android:shadowDy="3"
    android:shadowRadius="1"
    android:textSize="40sp"
    android:textColor="#FF..."
    ... />
```

<img src="graphics/androids.png" height="347">

### Icon options

* Shall you need to override the text size of a particular icon, the following syntax is supported `{fa-code 12px}`, `{fa-code 12dp}`, `{fa-code 12sp}`, `{fa-code @dimen/my_text_size}`, and also `{fa-code 120%}`.
* In the same way you can override the icon color using `{fa-code #RRGGBB}`, `{fa-code #AARRGGBB}`, or `{fa-code @color/my_color}`.
* You can even easily spin an icon like so `{fa-cog spin}`.

<img src="graphics/spinning.gif" height="37">

### Show an icon where you need a `Drawable`

If you need an icon in an ```ImageView``` or in your ```ActionBar``` menu item, then you should use ```IconDrawable```. Again, icons are infinitely scalable and will never get fuzzy!

```java
// Set an icon in the ActionBar
menu.findItem(R.id.share).setIcon(
   new IconDrawable(this, FontAwesomeIcons.fa_share)
   .colorRes(R.color.ab_icon)
   .actionBarSize());
```

## Extensibility

In case you can't find the icon you want, you can extend the available icon directly from your app. All you need to do is to implement `IconFontDescriptor` with a `.ttf` file in your assets and provide the mapping between keys and special characters, then give it to `iconivoid.with()`. You can use the  [FontAwesomeModule](https://github.com/JoanZapata/android-iconivoid/blob/master/android-iconivoid-fontawesome/src/main/java/com/joanzapata/iconivoid/fonts/FontAwesomeModule.java) as an example.

There are no constraints on the icon keys, but I strongly suggest you use a unique prefix like `my-` or anything, to avoid conflicts with other modules. FYI, if there **is** a conflict, the first module declared with `iconivoid.with()` has priority.

The only dependency you need if you want to use a custom icon is iconivoid core.

```gradle
compile 'io.github.diegoflassa.iconivoid:android-iconivoid:2.2.2'
```

-----

## Contributions

* Diego Felipe Lassa [@diegoflassa](https://github.com/diegoflassa)

## License

```
Copyright 2020 Diego Felipe Lassa

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

It uses FontAwesome font by Dave Gandy, licensed under OFL 1.1, which is compatible
with this library's license.

    http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/render_download.php?format=file&media_id=OFL_plaintext&filename=OFL.txt
    
```
